add sequelize to 3rd party tools incompatibility (#10870)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-third-party-tools-compatibility.md

- Client side: This bug has been fixed in **pingcap/mysql-connector-j** and you can use the [pingcap/mysql-connector-j](https://github.com/pingcap/mysql-connector-j) instead of the official MySQL Connector/J.
- Server side: This compatibility issue has been fixed since TiDB v6.3.0 and you can upgrade the server to v6.3.0 or later versions.

## Compatibility with Sequelize

The compatibility information described in this section is based on [Sequelize v6.21.4](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sequelize/v/6.21.4).

According to the test results, TiDB supports most of the Sequelize features ([using `MySQL` as the dialect](https://sequelize.org/docs/v6/other-topics/dialect-specific-things/#mysql)).

Unsupported features are:

> - `Foreign Key` constraints (including many-to-many relationships) are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Foreign key constraints (including many-to-many relationships) are not supported.
```

> - `Foreign Key` constraints (including many-to-many relationships) are not supported;
> - [`GEOMETRY`](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/6347) is not supported;
> - Modification of integer primary key is not supported;
> - `PROCEDURE` is not supported;
> - The `READ-UNCOMMITTED` and `SERIALIZABLE` [isolation levels](/system-variables.md#transaction_isolation) are not supported;
> - Modification of a column's `AUTO_INCREMENT` attribute is not allowed by default;
> - `FULLTEXT`, `HASH`, and `SPATIAL` indexes are not supported;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Foreign Key` constraints (including many-to-many relationships) are not supported.
- [`GEOMETRY`](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/6347) is not supported.
- Modification of integer primary key is not supported.
- `PROCEDURE` is not supported.
- The `READ-UNCOMMITTED` and `SERIALIZABLE` [isolation levels](/system-variables.md#transaction_isolation) are not supported.
- Modification of a column's `AUTO_INCREMENT` attribute is not allowed by default.
- `FULLTEXT`, `HASH`, and `SPATIAL` indexes are not supported.
```

### Modification of Integer Primary Key is not supported

**Description**

> Modification of Integer Primary Key is not supported. TiDB uses primary key as an index for data organization if the primary key is integer type. Refer to [Issue #18090](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/18090) and [Clustered Indexes](/clustered-indexes.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modification of integer primary key is not supported. TiDB uses primary key as an index for data organization if the primary key is integer type. Refer to [Issue #18090](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/18090) and [Clustered Indexes](/clustered-indexes.md) for more details.
```

> ### The isolation level `READ-UNCOMMITTED` and `SERIALIZABLE` are not supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The `READ-UNCOMMITTED` and `SERIALIZABLE` isolation levels are not supported
```

**Description**

> TiDB does not support isolation level `READ-UNCOMMITTED` and `SERIALIZABLE`. TiDB will throw an error if the isolation level is set to `READ-UNCOMMITTED` or `SERIALIZABLE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB does not support the `READ-UNCOMMITTED` and `SERIALIZABLE` isolation levels. If the isolation level is set to `READ-UNCOMMITTED` or `SERIALIZABLE`, TiDB throws an error.
```

**Way to avoid**

> Use the `REPEATABLE-READ` or the `READ-COMMITTED` isolation level only which TiDB support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use only the isolation level that TiDB supports: `REPEATABLE-READ` or `READ-COMMITTED`.
```

> You can set [`tidb_skip_isolation_level_check`](/system-variables.md#tidb_skip_isolation_level_check) to `1` if you want to be compatible with but do not depend on other applications that set the `SERIALIZABLE` isolation level. Then TiDB will ignore the unsupported isolation level error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want TiDB to be compatible with other applications that set the `SERIALIZABLE` isolation level but not depend on `SERIALIZABLE`, you can set [`tidb_skip_isolation_level_check`](/system-variables.md#tidb_skip_isolation_level_check) to `1`. In such case, TiDB ignores the unsupported isolation level error.
```

> ### Modification of a column's `AUTO_INCREMENT` property is not allowed by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Modification of a column's `AUTO_INCREMENT` attribute is not allowed by default
```

**Description**

Adding or removing the `AUTO_INCREMENT` attribute of a column via `ALTER TABLE MODIFY` or `ALTER TABLE CHANGE` command is not allowed by default.

**Way to avoid**

Refer to the [restrictions of `AUTO_INCREMENT`](/auto-increment.md#restrictions).

> Set `@@tidb_allow_remove_auto_inc` to `true` to allow removal of the `AUTO_INCREMENT` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow the removal of the `AUTO_INCREMENT` attribute, set `@@tidb_allow_remove_auto_inc` to `true`.
```

> ### `FULLTEXT`, `HASH` and `SPATIAL` indexes are not supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `FULLTEXT`, `HASH`, and `SPATIAL` indexes are not supported
```

**Description**

> `FULLTEXT`, `HASH` and `SPATIAL` indexes are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`FULLTEXT`, `HASH`, and `SPATIAL` indexes are not supported.
```
